memtx MVCC memory monitoring (#385)
tarantool/metrics: doc/monitoring/metrics_reference.rst

It detects conflicts and makes sure that tuples that are no longer in the space, but read by some transaction
(or can be read) have not been deleted.

``trackers`` - trackers that keep track of transaction reads.

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_trackers_total``
            -   Trackers are allocated in total (in bytes)
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_trackers_avg``
            -   Average for all transactions (total / number of transactions)
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_trackers_max``
            -   Maximum trackers allocated per transaction (in bytes)

``conflict`` - allocated in case of transaction conflicts.

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_conflicts_total``
            -   Memory is allocated for conflicts in total (in bytes)
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_conflicts_avg``
            -   Average for all transactions (total / number of transactions)
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_conflicts_max``
            -   Maximum conflicts allocated per transaction (in bytes)

> Tuples

Reviewer: It's not a valid header 
```suggestion
~~~~~
Tuples
```

            -   Event loop prolog time (ms)
        *   -   ``tnt_ev_loop_epilog_time``
            -   Event loop epilog time (ms)

Memtx
-----

Memtx mvcc memory statistics.
Transaction manager consists of two parts:
- the transactions themselves (TXN section)
- MVCC

..  _metrics-reference-memtx_txn:

TXN
~~~

``statements`` are the transaction statements.
For example, the user started a transaction and made an action in it `space:replace{0, 1}`.
Under the hood, this operation will turn into ``statement`` for the current transaction.

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_statements_total``

>             -   The number of bytes that are allocated for the statements of all transactions.

Reviewer 2: Of all current transactions?

Reviewer 2: If it is, Prometheus won't like the idea of using `_total` suffix for non-counter metric and this metric is non-counter by its nature.

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_statements_avg``
            -   Average bytes used by transactions for statements (`txn.statements.total` / number of open transactions).
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_statements_max``

>             -   Maximum number of bytes used by one transaction for statements.

Reviewer 2: Over all current transactions?

Reviewer 2: I think responses to my questions should also be reflected in doc so it would be easier for user to grasp the truth.

Author: Yes, all current transactions.
Fixed in doc too.

``user``

> In Tarantool C API there are function `box_txn_alloc()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Tarantool C API there is a function `box_txn_alloc()`.
```

By using this function user can allocate memory for the current transaction.

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_user_total``

>             -   Memory allocated by the `box_txn_alloc()` function on all transactions.

Reviewer 2: Same questions like in statement group about current transactions vs overall transactions.

Author: this is current transactions

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_user_avg``
            -   Transaction average (total / number of transactions).
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_user_max``
            -   The maximum number of bytes allocated by `box_txn_alloc()` function per transaction.

``system`` - internals: logs, savepoints

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

>         *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_system_total``

Reviewer 2: Same questions like in statement group about current transactions vs overall transactions.

- ``stories`` - MVCC is based on the story mechanism, almost every tuple has a story.
This is a separate metric because even the tuples that are in the index can have a story.
So ``stories`` and ``retained`` need to be measured separately.

``used`` - tuples that are used by active read-write transactions.

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_tuples_used_stories_count``
            -   Number of ``used`` tuples / number of stories.
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_tuples_used_stories_total``
            -   Amount of bytes used by stories ``used`` tuples.

        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_tuples_used_retained_count``
            -   Number of retained ``used`` tuples / number of stories.
        *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_tuples_used_retained_total``
            -   Amount of bytes used by retained ``used`` tuples.

``read_view`` - tuples that are not used by active read-write transactions,
but are used by read-only transactions (i.e. in read view).

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

>         *   -   ``tnt_memtx_tx_mvcc_tuples_read_view_stories_count``

Reviewer 2: Is this an overall count or current one?

Reviewer 2: Prometheus will definitely dislike `_count` here (https://github.com/tarantool/metrics/issues/117)

Author: Add metric label `count`.

            -   Event loop prolog time (ms)
        *   -   ``tnt_ev_loop_epilog_time``
            -   Event loop epilog time (ms)

Memtx
-----

Memtx mvcc memory statistics.
Transaction manager consists of two parts:
- the transactions themselves (TXN section)
- MVCC

..  _metrics-reference-memtx_txn:

TXN
~~~

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 25 75
        :header-rows: 0

>         *   - ``tnt_memtx_tx_tnx_statements`` are the transaction statements.

Reviewer 2: What `tx_tnx` should mean?

Author: I decided that there might be another call like `box.stat.memtx.tx()` , `box.stat.memtx.SOMETHING()`. So like breadcrumps:
`box.stat.memtx.tx().txn > memtx_tx_txn `. But yeah, simplifing to `memtx_txn` for transactions and `memtx_mvcc` for MVCC more clearly.

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to update docs.

            -   For example, the user started a transaction and made an action in it `space:replace{0, 1}`.
                Under the hood, this operation will turn into ``statement`` for the current transaction.
                This metric always has the label ``{kind="..."}``,
                which has the following possible values:

                *   ``total``
                    The number of bytes that are allocated for the statements of all current transactions.
                *   ``average``
                    Average bytes used by transactions for statements
                    (`txn.statements.total` bytes / number of open transactions).
                *   ``max``

>                     The maximum number of bytes used by one transaction for statements.

Reviewer 2: Current or overall?

Author: Current
